The day of the investment promotion meeting
You came back after my husband delivered the ball
At that time
You took the occupancy agreement prepared by Officer Su's
Rob him
Yes
I am very satisfied with your performance, Miss Su
And I especially recognize your information.
Although your Su Group is not outstanding now
But I believe that under the leadership of Miss Su
The future can be expected
Opportunity to settle in Wancheng
Here you go.
Okay, our Su Group will definitely not let Tang
Always disappointed
Tutorial I got the company agreement
I knew you would succeed
But I just think it's a little too fast.
Something seems to be wrong now
What's wrong?
Hard work will be rewarded
You deserve it.
Let's go back
It's time for them to impress you
Let's go
Hey, who let you in?
Get out of here!
They can both survive
Why can't we come?
This is the high-level memory of the Su Group
You two are not eligible to participate
Then our family will be the head of the design department in late autumn?